

Citation: Liu, Z.; Ren, K.; Dai, G.;
Zhang, J. A Review on Micro-LED
Display Integrating Metasurface
Structures. Micromachines 2023 ,14,
1354. https://doi.org/10.3390/
mi14071354
Academic Editors: Zeheng Wang
and Jingkai Huang
Received: 9 June 2023
Revised: 27 June 2023
Accepted: 29 June 2023
Published: 30 June 2023
Copyright: © 2023 by the authors.
Licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
This article is an open access article
distributed under the terms and
conditions of the Creative Commons
Attribution (CC BY) license (https://
creativecommons.org/licenses/by/
4.0/).
micromachines 
Review
A Review on Micro-LED Display Integrating
Metasurface Structures
Zhaoyong Liu1,2,3
, Kailin Ren1,2,3, Gaoyu Dai1,2,3
and Jianhua Zhang1,2,3,*
1School of Microelectronics, Shanghai University, Shanghai 200444, China; lzyly@shu.edu.cn (Z.L.);
renkailin@shu.edu.cn (K.R.); gaoyudai@shu.edu.cn (G.D.)
2Key Laboratory of Advanced Display and System Applications (Ministry of Education), Shanghai University,
Shanghai



200444, China
3Shanghai Key Laboratory of Chips and Systems for Intelligent Connected Vehicle, Shanghai University,
Shanghai 200444, China
*Correspondence: jhzhang@shu.edu.cn
Abstract: Micro-LED display technology has been considered a promising candidate for near-eye
display applications owing to its superior performance, such as having high brightness, high resolu-
tion, and high contrast. However, the realization of polarized and high-efﬁciency light extraction
from Micro-LED arrays is still a signiﬁcant problem to be addressed. Recently, by exploiting the
capability of metasurfaces in wavefront modulation, researchers have achieved many excellent results
by integrating metasurface structures with Micro-LEDs, including improving the light extraction
efﬁciency, controlling the emission angle to achieve directional emission, and obtaining polarized
Micro-LEDs. In this paper, recent progressions on Micro-LEDs integrated with metasurface structures
are reviewed in the above three aspects,



and the similar applications of metasurface structures in
organic LEDs, quantum dot LEDs, and perovskite LEDs are also summarized.
Keywords: Micro-LED; metasurface; light extraction efﬁciency; angular deﬂection; polarization
1. Introduction
Micro-LEDs have attracted much attention owing to their advantages of high luminous
intensity, high resolution, high contrast, fast response speed, long lifespan, and low power
consumption. Due to these excellent performance traits, Micro-LEDs are regarded as the
mainstream of next-generation display technology for a wide range of applications, from
wearable devices such as wristbands and watches to commercial billboards, public displays,
and virtual reality (VR) or augmented reality (AR) devices [ 1–5]. However, challenges
have also arisen with the development of Micro-LED display technology, such as mass
transfer, full-color display, and size-dependent efﬁciency [ 6,7]. The luminous efﬁciency of
Micro-LEDs decreases rapidly as the size decreases, so



it is necessary to improve the light
extraction efﬁciency (LEE) to improve the external quantum efﬁciency (EQE) [ 8]. Nowadays,
there are many methods to improve LEE. This paper mainly reviews the approaches to
integrating metasurface structures on Micro-LEDs.
The metasurface is an artiﬁcial nanostructure that is designed to control the amplitude,
polarization, and phase of incident waves at the subwavelength scale [9–12]. Metasurface
structures can realize the above functions with the premise that the incident light must be
coherent [ 13]. However, a typical Micro-LED exhibits Lambertian-shaped emission [ 14].
Light emitted in any direction has very low spatial coherence, so it is a key issue to
realize control of the Micro-LED wavefront with metasurface. Therefore, the researchers
introduced reﬂective mirrors at the bottom and top of the Micro-LED to form a Fabry–Perot
(F-P) cavity structure [ 13], so that the emitted light is concentrated in a narrow angular
range after resonance selection



through the cavity, which can enhance the spatial coherence
of the emitted light, and the collimation of the emitted light also improves the LEE. In this
Micromachines 2023 ,14, 1354. https://doi.org/10.3390/mi14071354 https://www.mdpi.com/journal/micromachinesMicromachines 2023 ,14, 1354 2 of 18
case, the integration with the metasurface structures can realize the deﬂection of the beam
angle, and the light can be emitted to the preset position to fully utilize the emitted light.
In addition, Micro-LEDs that emit polarized light play a key role in near-eye displays,
but obtaining polarized emission from LEDs requires complex design and manufactur-
ing [ 15]. Moreover, obtaining polarized light emission is difﬁcult due to the weak anisotropy
of Micro-LEDs, so wave plates are needed to improve the anisotropy of Micro-LEDs. How-
ever, traditional wave plates are not conducive to Micro-LED integration due to their large
size. The appearance of the metasurface structures solves these problems



because of their
small size and simple implementation process [ 16]. Moreover, the combination of metasur-
face structures and optical gratings can realize linear and circular polarization. This paper
reviews the research progress of Micro-LEDs integrated with metasurface structures in
improving the LEE, collimation, controlling angle deﬂection, and controlling polarization.
The latest research results in the four directions mentioned above are demonstrated in
Figure 1.
Micromachines  2023, 14, x FOR PEER REVIEW   2 of 19 
 
 spatial coherence  of the emitted light, and the collimation  of the emitted light also im‐
proves the LEE. In this case, the integration  with the metasurface  structures  can realize 
the deflection  of the beam angle, and the light can be emitted to the preset position to fully 
utilize the emitted light. 
In addition,  Micro‐LEDs that emit polarized  light play a key role in near‐eye displays,  
but obtaining  polarized  emission  from LEDs requires complex  design and manufacturing



 
[15]. Moreover,  obtaining  polarized  light emission  is difficult due to the weak anisotropy  
of Micro‐LEDs, so wave plates are needed to improve  the anisotropy  of Micro‐LEDs. 
However,  traditional  wave plates are not conducive  to Micro‐LED integration  due to their 
large size. The appearance  of the metasurface  structures  solves these problems  because of 
their small size and simple implementation  process [16]. Moreover,  the combination  of 
metasurface  structures  and optical gratings can realize linear and circular polarization.  
This paper reviews the research progress  of Micro‐LEDs integrated  with metasurface  
structures  in improving  the LEE, collimation,  controlling  angle deflection,  and controlling  
polarization.  The latest research results in the four directions  mentioned  above are demon‐
strated in Figure 1. 
 
Figure 1. A list of four research directions  for LEDs integrated  with metasurface.  (a) Disordered  Ag 
nanoparticle  metasurface  to improve



 the LEE of LEDs. Reproduced  with permission  from [17], 
[Light: Science & Applications ]; published  by Nature Publishing  Group, 2021. (b) Distributed  Bragg 
reflector (DBR) resonator  to improve  the emitted light collimation  of Micro‐LEDs. Reproduced  with 
permission  from [18], [Applied Physics Letters ]; published  by AIP Publishing,  2022. (c) Metasurface  
structures  to achieve directed light emission  of Micro‐LEDs. Adapted  with permission  from [19] © 
The Optical Society. (d) Metasurface  and grating to improve  the extinction  ratio (ER) of polarized  
Micro‐LEDs. Adapted  with permission  from [15] © The Optical Society. 
2. Improvement  in Light Extraction  Efficiency  
As one of the important  performance  indicators  of Micro‐LEDs, EQE refers to the 
ratio of the final emitted photon number to the injected carrier number, which can be ob‐
tained by the product of the LEE and internal quantum  efficiency  (IQE). Therefore,  EQE 
can be improved  by improving  the LEE. Currently,



 methods  to improve  the LEE of Micro‐
LEDs include flip chip technology,  transparent  substrate  technology,  patterned  substrate  
technology,  surface microstructure  technology,  and bottom reflector technology  [20–22]. 
This paper mainly introduces  metasurface  structures  to improve  the LEE and summarizes  
them in this chapter (listed in Table 1). 
Figure 1. A list of four research directions for LEDs integrated with metasurface. ( a) Disordered
Ag nanoparticle metasurface to improve the LEE of LEDs. Reproduced with permission from [ 17],
[Light: Science & Applications ]; published by Nature Publishing Group, 2021. ( b) Distributed Bragg
reﬂector (DBR) resonator to improve the emitted light collimation of Micro-LEDs. Reproduced with
permission from [ 18], [Applied Physics Letters ]; published by AIP Publishing, 2022. ( c) Metasurface
structures to achieve directed light emission of Micro-LEDs. Adapted with permission from [ 19]©
The Optical Society. ( d) Metasurface and grating



to improve the extinction ratio (ER) of polarized
Micro-LEDs. Adapted with permission from [15] © The Optical Society.
2. Improvement in Light Extraction Efﬁciency
As one of the important performance indicators of Micro-LEDs, EQE refers to the
ratio of the ﬁnal emitted photon number to the injected carrier number, which can be
obtained by the product of the LEE and internal quantum efﬁciency (IQE). Therefore, EQE
can be improved by improving the LEE. Currently, methods to improve the LEE of Micro-
LEDs include ﬂip chip technology, transparent substrate technology, patterned substrate
technology, surface microstructure technology, and bottom reﬂector technology [ 20–22].
This paper mainly introduces metasurface structures to improve the LEE and summarizes
them in this chapter (listed in Table 1).Micromachines 2023 ,14, 1354 3 of 18
Table 1. Summary of research on metasurface structure to improve the LEE of LEDs.
Research Objective LED Type WavelengthOptimized
Structure ModelSimulation or
ExperimentRef.
Improve



LEE LED 440~470 nmDisordered Ag
nanoparticlesSimulation and
experiment[17]
Improve LEE PeLED 780 nmNanobricks in the
electron transport
layerSimulation [23]
Improve LEE OLED 440~570 nmSpeckle image
holography
metasurfacesSimulation and
experiment[24]
Improve LEE OLED 470~630 nmReﬂected
supergratingSimulation and
experiment[25,26]
Improve LEE OLED 450~650 nmBottom nanoslot
metasurfaceSimulation and
experiment[27]
Improve LEE Micro-OLED 640 nmMetalens
embedding the
glass substrateSimulation [28]
Study the inﬂuence of
wavelength and material
on the SIH metasurface
to improve LEEOLED 440~670 nm SIH metasurfacesSimulation and
experiment[29]
2.1. Improvement in the LEE by Metasurface Structures
Since the refractive index of the surface material of Micro-LEDs is much larger than
that of air, the full reﬂection angle of the light emitted by Micro-LEDs into the air is very
small, causing total reﬂection phenomena to very easily appear, which is also one of the
reasons for the low LEE [ 30]. The



integrated metasurface structures on the top surface of
Micro-LEDs can not only effectively expand the light emitting area of Micro-LEDs, but
also change the incident angle of light on the inner surface of the semiconductor, thus
destroying the total reﬂection condition of part of the light so as to signiﬁcantly improve
the LEE.
Mao et al. proposed disordered metasurface LEDs by studying the distribution and
size of the cuticle fringes in ﬁreﬂies [ 17]. The metasurface structure changed from an
orderly arrangement of square gratings to a curved top surface, then to a disordered
arrangement, and was ﬁnally designed as Ag nanoparticles with a curved top surface and
disordered arrangement (see Figure 2a). LEDs with Ag-free nanoparticles were compared
with those with Ag nanoparticles. Figure 2b,c show the photoluminescence (PL) and
electroluminescence (EL) spectra with and without Ag nanoparticles, respectively. The
results showed that Ag nanoparticles enhanced PL and EL by 170% and 140%, respectively.
The



wavelength of the experiment in this paper can also be obtained from Figure 2b,c by
taking the full width at half-maximum (FWHM); the wavelength is found to be 440~470 nm ,
and it is listed in Table 1. The wavelengths of all tables in this review are derived from
this. When the working wavelength is 452 nm, the output power of the LED with Ag
nanoparticles is increased by 2.7 times, and the absolute EQE is increased from 31% to 51%
(see Figure 2d,e). In addition, the top metasurface structure can be made in one step by
the gas cluster technology, which reduces the complexity of the process and has a good
application prospect.

